Special abilities v2, mostly Flak (#4)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/armour-1.adoc

= Armour +1

> These units have particularly heavy armour -- such as Ork Meganobz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These units have particularly heavy armour for their kind, such as Ork Meganobz.
```
I'm not wedded to this idea, but: While on the whole we try to keep rules out of the fluff, I think this suggestion does that while also meshing with how we will add this ability onto a 'base unit'. ('base unit' is my working term, I think it works, but I'm open to other suggestions if you think it is problematic.) 
I've suggested 'kind' here, rather than 'unit', as we don't want the possible rules connotation of the latter here.

Author: Hmm. Working from the Firepower +1 text:

> These units are armed with potent weaponry that does not affect their range.

And Assault +1 text:

> These units are particularly fierce melee fighters, without sacrificing their ranged capability -- such as Space Wolves Long Fangs or Grey Hunters.

How about this?
```suggestion
These units have particularly heavy armour, without sacrificing speed or firepower.
```

P.S. For the 'such as' sections I would have defaulted to a comma, but I thought I'd seen existing files that used -- so used that instead. Which do you prefer?

---

> Apply this rule to units that have the {armour-1} ability, relative to their base units:

Reviewer: I'd leave this for now, but as an aside while other related parts of our conversation are fresh in mind:

This type of situation is where a single lonely bullet in some places is the lesser evil, because otherwise it gets messy with the "relative to their base units" qualifier.
That said, this 'singular unit' construction is perhaps better:
```suggestion
Where a unit has the {armour-1} ability, apply this rule relative to their base unit:
```
But I think we can look back over all the constructions in another future pass to unify them. I agree that we should try to be somewhat 'consistent in our inconsistency', but we shouldn't try to predict and enforce a single construction too rigidly at this stage.

Author: Thinking about it further, 'apply this **change** relative to their base unit' would be even better, and would help to further differentiate between profile modifications and in-game rules.

Author: The last suggestion ('apply this change') added to commit batch.
